=head1 NAME

Net::SAML::Metadata - Perl extension for encoding and decoding SAML Metadata

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Net::SAML::Metadata;

=head1 ZXID

The above synopsis is just a tip of the iceberg. Net::SAML::Metadata
is part of a bigger project called ZXID. The code for the
Net::SAML::Metadata module was automagically generated from schema grammar
sources and C header files of that project using SWIG.

See http://zxid.org and zxid/README.zxid for further information.

=head1 AUTHOR

Sampo Kellomäki <sampo@iki.fi>

Please send well researched bug reports to the above address.
General questions should be sent to me as well.

=head1 VERSION

This page documents version 0.5, as of 14.9.2006.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2006 Sampo Kellomäki <sampo@symlabs.com>
All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

While the source distribution of this perl module does not contain
SSLeay or OpenSSL code, if you use this module you will use OpenSSL
library. Please give Eric Young and OpenSSL team credit (as required by
their licenses).

And remember, you, and nobody else but you, are responsible for
auditing this module and OpenSSL library for security problems,
backdoors, and general suitability for your application.

=cut
